Add changelog entry for 3.0.12 (#9967)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/getting_started/changelog.rst

3.0 <https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/milestone/48?closed=1>`__
milestone on GitHub for the full list of pull requests and issues closed.

v3.0.12
^^^^^^^

> * Remove lookbehind from ToC MD regex for Safari (`#9962 <https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/9962>`__)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix support for Safari by changing regular expression for Table of Contents (`#9962 <https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/9962>`__)
```

> * DocRegistry FileType pattern matching doesn't work (`#9958 <https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/9958>`__)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix DocRegistry FileType pattern matching (`#9958 <https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/9958>`__)
```
